So, I tried URDU. URDU, okay. Obviously, the promise of it was it's a graphic user interface for ERP, I think. It has different modules, various modules. But obviously, I took it too early, I think, because we didn't have the people. So, it's there. What is the name of the company? Vihara Medical. Vihara. Yeah. So... When they started the company, they wanted probably, I think they were getting into, they wanted to get into the hospital space because they found a doctor who wanted investment to put a hospital. Okay. So, that's how they got into it. But what they did, they had a piece of land and everything. But then the doctor kind of backed out. So, that plan is gone. But what they did for the first two years, while they were thinking that this is going to be their plan, they started doing home testing of COVID, which was the most popular thing back in 2020. They used to do home tests of COVID. So, they started this business of home services. Medical home services? Medical home services, at that time. But then, whatever, Anusha started a lot of modules, a lot of different things. Then last year, around October, is when I started looking into it and understanding the business. So, I've always had data first approach. I had to see numbers and judge how we're doing so that we can tweak it in different areas and help the whole business grow. So, my first focus from day one was to start learning numbers. Anusha has already set up a basic framework of how the company runs. And my first job was to obviously find the inefficiencies. And how I found the inefficiencies was looking at data and asking for numbers or overall opinions and then fix the small, small inefficiencies to make it better. I ended up with a few people, basically marketing. I knew more about marketing, obviously. And then when I was giving them work, they were like, "Yeah". So, and whatever they were doing was not very effective. Got rid of them and continued doing what it was, but tweaked the marketing and doubled the business. So, right now, the company is, from a money point of view, is heavily in the losses on a monthly basis. Spends about 15 lakhs a month on everything, including what they pay me. But the business is around six or seven now. It used to be two and a half, one and a half, two last year in October. So, but, might be you might have just got that thing where basically when you're coming in, you got that expertise and then you got it doubled. I mean, I just had to learn everything. I didn't know what fucking dialysis was. I didn't know if there will be dairy, what are the bars, so much, etc. Obviously, I got in that mind frame. But I come from a business development kind of a space, whether it be movies or entertainment based startups or entertainment based companies. My thought was always business development. So, it takes some time to learn this thing, obviously, get into that space. And I took my time to get into it because I see a vision and make my own vision of it. And then I see the scalability of it was my biggest concerns. Is it scalable? Okay, if we do well, how well can we do? Can we do 15 lakhs? And kind of modifying the business model or plan or my focus on areas and trying different things. So, right now, the modules that exist in the company are primarily, I mean, in terms of revenue, number one is physiotherapy, home services of physiotherapy. Number two is probably in-center mental health services. These are not natural home services. In-center? Mental health services, counseling, therapists, psychotherapists, psychologists, all that thing. Right? These are the primary, number one and number two. Other modules that we have is at-home nursing. Is this home services low or physiotherapy is the main one? So, don't call it home services, physiotherapy. Only physiotherapy. Call it physiotherapy, I will tell you why. Because other home services are later. They are not that important to me also right now. So, physiotherapy is at home. So, the offerings you have is home services is there, that is separate. There is physiotherapy which comes under home services but it's… I don't want to do that. That was the thought, the process that I had earlier which kind of was following up with… Okay, so there is old home services, old home services, you are focusing on physiotherapy, okay. That home services that was in the background, forget about it. Okay. Absolutely, it's gone. Okay. Okay. So, there is only physiotherapy at home. In-center says mental health which is called safe sphere. Safe sphere? Safe, that's sphere. Different brand name. Okay, then the modules that exist are right now home services which I don't like. But I don't like as in competition design, that kind of specifics. But it is basic, under home services will be nursing, under home services. Okay. And lab investigations. Lab investigation, okay. And anything actually, whatever you want. You are basically competing with that thyro care fellow, no? But I was only for thyroid, right? Essentially. The model is that only, right? So, and then there is pharmacy. Then there is in-center physiotherapy. In-center physiotherapy also. Yeah. Okay. Then there is in-center clinic. So, each of our modules completes a different business, existing business. Like thyro care is only thyroid, right? So, in physiotherapy, home services, we are competing with Apollo, two, three players. I can see my marketing campaigners who are waiting for my clicks. I can see who my competition is. But there is Apollo kind of players. In my mental health, there are no consolidated players that are competing with me right now. Practo is my only competition because people are such, mental health, Practo. And Practo gives out the best list. And then you have to call that fellow only. So, Practo is not only making money per transaction over there. He is just. Direct. He is just direct. Right. So, it's not a real competition. I am actually spending money to get money in that business module. Home services, there are dozens of competitors. Right. Lab investigation, damn dozen. Chiller chalana ka doon na. Right. In lab investigation. And in some of our cases, we don't even do dozens. Like we do ECG. Okay. We have a machine. We have a nurse. She will go. They will do the ECG and they will give the report and they will come back. But if people ask for X-ray, you call somebody else to do the X-ray. Even in lab investigation, there are so many blood tests. We can't do all of them. We get somebody else to do all of them, most of them. We do like 20%, 30% of the most common tests, we do it in-house. We have like 5 machines. That is the most common test. And the remaining, we go to somebody else. So we are not really, we are not spending money in that direction for marketing for me seems stupid. So I didn't spend a lot of money at all. I just cut all expenses on that division because I don't need to do it. I mean, what is my rate of return because there are hundreds of guys. If I leave, nobody will notice also that I have left as a business in module. So I employ one guy who is a blood test technician. There are needs in the community that we already service. There are enough needs. So there are always the people we know, people, old customers who have done these things. They call, whatever. It's still a lot being business but it's small part of it. I don't look at it that much. Data is needed, small amounts of data. I will show you what kind of data. Not levels of data I collect on a weekly basis or daily basis. I will show you all that. So that is one. So nursing, there is one nurse we have. People call in that area. Somebody needs an IV because they are dehydrated or pregnant ladies who are ammonia deficient or whatever. They need injection. Somebody had a surgery. They need to get an injection at home kind of a thing. All those kind of things are 300-400 rupees per transaction value that is. So there is a nurse lady. Similarly, in the clinic, we have a doctor who is sitting there. And these doctors are basically a general physician. He sits there. Rarely does anybody come because the road was bad. Location was not that front-end facing. But they are fixing that road. Prime, Yusuf Guda, Srinagar colony. Great area. Road was a busy area but it was a fucked up road. Now they are making a proper road. Hopefully, it will be a lot more traffic on it and the clinic will see more business. Otherwise, you can come to the clinic and there are 3-4 doctors listed there. One pulmonologist is there. One orthopedic is there. If you want an appointment, then call that fellow. That fellow will come and sit and give you the appointment. It's not like any other hospital, like any other clinic. Low margins, intensive, location is important, big investment in terms of look, place, all that. So, I am not too keen on that direction just now. It will grow as it grows. I am going up the chart. Now the main part. Safe sphere, mental health. There are very few consolidated companies. That's a growing space. In India, it's a very small consumer market as compared to how it is in the west or in more developed nations. And as money is becoming more available in our cities, the requirement of these is there. Awareness is being spread by every look and corner, films, music, rappers, celebrities. Awareness of mental health is important. Go take care of yourself. It's the cause of money. It's mad. People are feeling the need. There is no hesitation kind of a space anymore. At least individually calling. So, it's a big market that I want to grow. What it needs is I have these therapists on our role or as freelancers. Patient calls, we give them 8 options here. Depending on them, I am exposed to my kid has a problem or my husband is an alcoholic or I am an alcoholic or we are fighting over husband and wife. We find out on our, we have call center kind of an operations team. Who handles all the incoming calls for everything. For home center, for home services, blood tests, everything. There is a call ops team which is at the center essentially. There is no business without an ops team. So, we have 4-5 different numbers that people call for all these services. So, whoever is handling this says, phone bill has this questionnaire, algorithm that they have to fill out. Based on which they give options. We have all these kinds of people like a male who speaks in Telugu, who is good in the addiction. That kind of level of connections we have to make. And we give 3 options. And whatever the fee is, we take a cut from that fee. Obviously, since we are mental health, it's not a one time thing. So, 5 sessions, 10 sessions, 20 sessions kind of a space. So, we are okay with that kind of a, we have a small number. First time you are okay. Because you get it in the first session. Every session we get like 300 rupees, 200 rupees per session. For example, I am saying. 10%, 15%. And a session is right now 3000, 4000. We are at a lower end of the spectrum. 2000 rupees we start at. Because I know how it is and the therapists are young. But there are a lot of them now. There are enough courses that are teaching enough people. For the last 10 years, I have studied mental health to be a mental health professional. There are a lot of people. It's a growing market. No consolidation is there at all. So, we want to be in that space of consolidated mental health spaces. Sky is the limit. The addiction centers, rehab centers. It's far off. It can be possible with something like this. Right. So, that is why I think, that's my vision of SafeSphere. But right now what we have is location intensive. High number of calls. So, let's say for example, we get 100 calls. In a 100 calls, 10 calls, we have 1 meeting. And 5 calls, we will have a 10, 15, 20 meeting kind of a business. So, for the 100 calls, I am spending let's say a lakh. Right now. Because I have faith in it. I think the conversions will grow. Right now 10, but hopefully it will be 30, 40 guys. Just trying one session. A lot of people have this doubt. Because they are in mental health. So, they always say, I have one 5 minutes call with the therapist and I will figure out. That's not how it works. Therapist don't like this. That thing is still a block in our country. Hello. How are you? I am good. So, and then the therapist come to our building. And they sit in one room. And they have a discussion. Sometimes it's an online thing. But we don't really. And there is a big market for that. Doing a lot of even low cost. Online business. I have used 3-4 years ago. 1200 rupees. But it's an online thing. It's not recommended. But. Mostly location intensive. People are there. But the point is. Because there is no competition. And because of the nature of it. People will go anywhere. It's not like that. It's like a building on the main road. It can be a residential area like this. Or a bungalow like that. With 16 rooms. Each room can be a therapist center. That's my vision of how that business can grow. But like I said. The Ops team is an important thing. Over which there are a lot of data points. That I want to capture. Why people call. What kind of patients. In the beginning about a year ago. We did not have a Telugu speaking therapist. But I saw that most of my calls. At least half of the calls were asking for Telugu speaking therapist. And another source. One of the people who were asking for de-addiction. Kind of a thing. Gambling. And we didn't have any Telugu speaking. First of all. I went and found a few resources. Who are Telugu speaking therapists. Then I specifically found a de-addiction therapist. Because I knew that data point. I told them. I write down what people are saying. They had their own system. But it wasn't very in one place. I made Google forms. That Google form data is captured in one excel sheet. From which they derived their own planning excel sheets. Which was what they had. They only had a planning excel sheet. But they didn't have a central resource. Or data where all the data was being captured. So I built that. And then our main business. Physiotherapy in center. Number one business right now. Is home physiotherapy. So right now doctors are suggesting physiotherapy a lot more. For physical health. Right. Whatever it might be. Usually it is legs, neck, body. Not internal. External stuff. Anything. Surgery, back pain, scandica. Whatever it might be. Bad posture. Young kids with walking defects. Or birth defects. Speech. Not speech. Speech is not physiotherapy. Speech is mental health. Speech deformities. But in this it is only physical. And mostly we have seen walking. Kind of thing. Muscle cramp. Growth kind of deficiencies. In kids. But most of our patients are. Like again based on data. What I know. 90% of our patients are female. 35-40+. Right. Who have had issues. And who are comfortable getting somebody at home. That's why. In this business also. So again. There is a. We do lot of sessions. I think we do 20 sessions per day at home. We are probably number one in terms of. At home centers. Sessions. I think. Size wise. But I don't think anybody else. Apollo also has that much volume right now. Because. The money is in the places. Apollo center. There are lot of physiotherapy. In center places. Lot of them. So many of them. Medical science probably started 20-30 years ago. I don't know if you met my friend Ramakant. Ramakant's sister in law. In the 90's. She is a physiotherapist. Right now she is a very big name. But she is an older lady. She is almost 60's I think. So. She is a renowned one. Now it is more common thing. Lot of courses colleges are there. Everybody. Apollo has. Sunshine has. There is one big physiotherapy room. And they show what exercises to do at home. But then. There is lot of times. Where the therapist has to come home for multiple sessions. 15-20-30. Lot of ranges I have seen. Two has split less. Five-six sessions. Whatever it might be. Just a sprain. Surgery. So in this thing. It is never again a one time business. Multiple things could be for years. So that is a great business space to be in. So. Again what I focused on was. Collecting the data. What kind of people we want. So we only have two. Employed physiotherapists. Who we pay salary to. Everybody else. And they only do 33% of my sessions. The other ones. The main guys. The main two guys who are employed. And only 33% of my sessions. Is done by freelancers. Who pay. Again I keep 200 Rs. I keep only 200 Rs. per session. Everything goes to them. It is a low cost thing. It is about 800 Rs. to 500 Rs. to 800 Rs. Per session. Based on how many sessions you do. That is the kind of volume space. Cost. Cheap physiotherapies right now. But if you go to Apollo hospital. It is probably like 2000 Rs. Per session. That is how the business works. So. I started collecting data. Of how many calls we get. Again what kind of problems are there. How many are we converting. Into one session. How many are we converting into multiple sessions. Because one session is. I think low cost. People get just one session. And the doctor will give a recommendation. The patient is the doctor herself. These are people who are called doctors also. So they will give the recommendation. That you should do this. And the patient can or cannot. May not take it. Because money concerns. Two. I didn't like this person. I will find somebody else. I will go to a hospital. Because usually the doctor will say. Will recommend their known physiotherapist. So usually they will go to that person. And when they look at options like us. They look at convenience first of all at home. Whenever I want at home. Plus the cost factor also. And we are on the lower end of this. We are not charging that much. But we can't go any lower than this. 100%. There is nobody doing lower than this also. There are lot of people doing. But nobody is spending as. Getting that much market share. In terms of Google ads. 100%. I am killing it in terms of market share. From Google ads. Responses. And from doctors referring to us. Probably zero from that. Which is where everybody else's business is. Like Anusha also. She has been getting our own services. A lot for her life. From day one. But she also went to one center. Which is on this Banjara and Sarod. For about 6 sessions. Paying triple of what she would pay ourselves. Right. Why? I don't know. Right. But so we have this. Home service of the business conquered. Or at least on the. We have to spend more. On Google ads I have a budget right now of about 5k a day. And we make it more than that. It's the only self-sustaining. Part of our business. That and Saysphere. Everything else is a bleed on us. Right now. But they are all low cost. Pharmacies. Cheap. One guy you put. Inventory comes goes. One nurse. Small technicians. 5 lakhs worth of equipment. Not that much. This is a heavily. Actually now. We are in the service business. You want only Google ads or you want to integrate all the other ones. Right now I am trying different things. I didn't try too much. But I am trying low cost things. I have to get into the marketing team. Or a new kid. Do the low cost marketing. For different things. For physiotherapy right now. One of my focus is. Sports physiotherapy. So many pickle ball courts. Tournaments. Cricket matches happen. Everybody knows athletes use physiotherapists. People of 30s, 40s. Play. The people who come there. They are like age 40 plus. Or something. They have so much of sprains. This that and everything. So I am focusing on that. Big time. And then there is of course. Geriatric physiotherapy is. They need to move. To kind of keep their. Mobility for a long time. And physiotherapy helps in that. That's another product. That I am kind of pushing. So lot of parking boards in residential colonies. You put. But whatever. It has to be fine tuned. Now I see. Right. Whatever. This is a very. Keep trying. Keep trying. Different things. Holdings and all is easy. But I lose. Opportunity to try 10 things. Low cost things. And actually make a difference. Which I know can scale up 10x. Scalability of a good idea that works is very easy. Trying holdings and shit. Never made my style. Everybody can put 10 lakhs. But what the f**k. In 6 months my father in law said. What the f**k you spent so much money. On marketing. We have not converted that much into sales. And there is no way for me to tell also. Did you get business for holding? Or. Why did you get? You can never tell these things. Right now. The operations team does ask. When did you hear about us? But it's not a thing to. We should ask once we are trying 10 things. It's not necessary. If you have 1000 customers a day. Then these guys will stop asking. Right now they have 10 calls a day. On the whole. All divisions put together. 15 calls a day. I have a 3% team for that. But because of a lot of logistical issues. Which I want ERPs to solve. Because half the time is spent. Spent calling or planning. Matching locations with people. Kind of a thing. Right. Which I know. That an app based structure. Can solve. For these people. For me. When I gave them that Google form. Which they can now access on their mobile phone. To fill in details. Which goes into the mail and excel sheet. That the other person in the team is looking at. They are like. Thank you. You solved so many things. I can take the phone home now. Don't have to have a laptop open. Every time somebody calls. To enter details. It's already going to be in excel sheet. Tomorrow when I get to office. I will take the data from here. And manipulate it the way I want to. For it to work. There is already a set of algorithm in your head. Which is matching to the parameters. Given to you. Right now. Because of that. Those two people who were there. Are indispensable to me. If one of them leaves. F**k we will get. Like the head of operations. The senior. Who is also a physiotherapist. She will have to lose her mind. But she is my head of operations. So she can't lose her mind over. Actual planning stuff. But it can be replicated by technology. 100%. And that is where scalability will last. I want to have. Vihara Medical Home Services physiotherapy. Across IIT, Dhanaka. Right. It will take time for me to. Have our physiotherapists in every city. Who will monitor the local physiotherapists. How do I. Monitoring means. Once we. Capture the data. We make reports or something such that. Those reports can be meaningful. For one person. One person. That person could be a reporting manager. Or it could be a head. Or it could be you. Depends upon who is managing them. Who is managing them. We capture only the data. Exactly. That is my. My intent. When I am actually starting an ERP. Kind of system is. Why ERP? Because lots of people who are into. This kind of space. Who want to capture data. But don't have a proper. Way of dealing with things. 100%. So. I want to understand. Completely. What are the things that you have. What are the things that you have tried. Once you have. Once I have that information. Then I will be able to suggest some things. And then move forward. And then try. Think about it a little more. And then get back to you. Because right now. I am just taking in data. Pardon me. But I am actually recording this also. Yeah. Because what I do usually is. I will listen to this one more time. And then I will move forward. So now. What I want to show you. Is. The work I have done. In. Making. Setting up processes. And decision making based on. Data collection. I have done a lot of work. Like I said. I didn't know what to collect. It took me some time. But I got used to it. And then I started doing the data again. Then I got one fellow. To collect data for me. So I will show you. Which. And then after that. It is pretty much. So you have a broad picture of everything. I will show you. What we have. And how it has evolved. So there were a bunch of. Lot of places that data was. Lost in. Okay. And then I kind of moved in and. Started. Making processes. For everything. One of the first excel sheet. That I set up was. This is the result of the Google form. Who called. From where they called. What service. The person who took that call. What is the problem they asked for. How we got that call. What kind of enquiry. New or regular. What happened to it. Like so. Basically. There is a lot of. Once a patient calls. There is a lot of back and forth. In terms of. How are you getting those calls. Google ads. Like on which device. So right now. That is a big problem. Right now we have a mobile phone. So and I have. The individual numbers. Lot of scalability issues in the. I have figured. Trying to get in. Setting up one of these call center. Kind of a mobile phone. But then I figured out a solution for these. For our current scale. Right. Use different phones for calling. Therapist. Setting up the meeting. Don't use the same phone that you use to call the customer. To call the therapist. And setting up that meeting. Use a different phone bro. Don't keep this number busy. Kind of basic issues. That they had. I had to kind of figure that out. So anyway. We need that in our growth. So right now. And then what happens is. These are the follow ups. Each time they follow up. They record what happened to it. Right. So this one. Rupa she called and gave more info. And this one. Waiting for the therapist. Therapist has to get back. Also happened on the same date. Call busy. Same day I tried again. Next same day. Went to the hospital. So the patient. They decided to go to the hospital. In the mean time we did spend 6 calls. 5 calls. Hospital to different hospital. To get an in center therapist. Now our objective is to build our own centers also. Right now we are still. Current space where we are. There is there. But now we can. And we are looking for more locations. Where we can set up in center. People from Gajjipoli. People from that side. Ask is there some place I can go to. Maybe they are not comfortable at home. Room load. They want to go to some place. So we are trying to build those more. Because we are getting enough calls and enquiries. That's one thing is to build that funnel. Of enquiries. And then. This is the kind of. Do you have funnels. Kind of thing set up. No right now. Because we are still at a. Really early stage business. Where are you directing your Google ads to. To those numbers. Phone numbers. To the mobile website. To the phone number. So basically they can. Call directly when you search. Call now. But there is also whatsapp message. So you see captured here. How they are going to touch those. Whatsapp or phone call. Website whatsapp phone call. Because they ask sometimes. Or what they already know they will write. Because it is the opposite. And then like I said. Multiple calls back and forth. Like for example. What happens is. This guy. 65 year old male. And then. So what our guys do is. Who is the therapist we have. Because our guys cannot do that. Maybe they can maybe they can't. So we know. 5-6 therapists who are freelancers. In that area. So I think. So earlier what they used to do is. They used to call each other. So now I said no don't do that. Put up a different whatsapp groups. In that announce it publicly. So this is the first guy to respond. That guy gets the role. And that works for them also. Because they can't keep taking the calls. For every inquiry you get in that area. If they are free they look at it. I will take it. Within half an hour 45 minutes maybe they will respond. Maybe an hour maybe two. But at least we have a response of calling 5 people. And breaking our heads. So I had to put that same simple whatsapp group. Kind of a system in place for that. So now again. Tuesday 12 o'clock. Take it free. Take it 5 o'clock free. That back and forth happens. Time slot. So these people whom you are having. That one person call. Are they repeating with that same fellow. Mostly. Usually it is same person. That is the biggest thing in physiotherapy is. You are judging the person giving me a therapy also. Right. So usually. This is the case. That is why we do an initial. No no no. What I am saying is. This guy whom you are giving leads to. From second time onwards. We only communicate the. Meeting point. Time and place. Obviously place is the house. But the session we only kind of coordinate. So second session also. There is this back and forth. Tuesday 12 o'clock. So obviously my guys. They know what time slots. Who is free. Mornings. Because usually this therapist they work somewhere. One guy will have morning 6 hours free. One guy will have evening 6 hours free. So we know if I am Elvin Agar. Morning 6 o'clock. Or this fellow. We have two options. So it is called two people. So that obviously. Again but it is human knowledge. So we make that option easier. Call A, call B. Rather than the oh ah oh. Kind of a thing. Being so hard. For the new person to be trained into it. So we keep it. I am trying to grow that ops team. The biggest challenge is that only. For them to get into this thing with this knowledge base. That they have. Who where what. And that is going to be the biggest problem is scalability. Scalability is huge like I said. But I need people. Knowledge, info, data. To make that decision. To make it actually viable to do it in my life. I need an on ground team to judge that people who are representing us. The therapist. Are they good or not is a big question. That's why the head of that operations team. She is a therapist herself. She is a therapist herself. Who did an MBA and decided to not be a therapist. Whatever. So she meets those people. Talks to them. So we do have that screening process. Because they go to somebody's house on our name. Security threat also. So I have one person, a supervisor of mine. Always going. So that is another huge resource I need to manage is my supervisor. These six dudes. And I am just on the bike all the f*****g time. Just on the bikes. All the f*****g time. Looking at and they are assigned again. So every time my ops team assigns a session to a physiotherapist. She has to have a supervisor also. So this fellow has to go. Because he is wearing a Vihara logo. He is a patient. He represents the company. And it's again safety of the therapist also. Female therapist is going to somebody's house. How the f*****g do I ensure safety? So I have to send the guy there. Also to be there when the therapist goes to the house. Second time, third time onwards it may not be necessary. If there is that clarity. But for that reason, for the safety of the patient and the therapist, one guy is always there. So when it comes to things like nursing, blood lab investigations, that person is crucial. He has to be there. But it's only one session. So for one visit to do a blood test, you need two people. Technician also, supervisor also. Luckily we have technician who works as a supervisor right now. So I had to modify that. Bro, you don't need anybody else. You f*****g go there. I hired somebody else to do that role. Be the person who goes and without having to rely on somebody else. Right? So but in physiotherapy, there has to be that one person. Which is the case with any home service. Even if I was to do an X-ray, and I can do anything. I can do any test now. I can do sleep studies. I can do whole time monitors. It's like a 24 hours monitor that they put around the chest to see how your overall daytime heart rate is. So I try all these things to see if we can offer these. We don't own these devices, but we are a middle man for some other operator. We are all small entities. I can all buy them out. Very easy moment for me to buy them out. I have my own kind of instrument base for these things. That can be done at whenever it's feasible. Yeah, exactly. Right now we are in the process of basically understanding what to offer. We are saying everything can be done, but we don't know how much is the demand for it. So my, if you look at it, my barrier for the reason I can't double, I can easily double my marketing budget on Google Ads. I have 2.5 lakh a month space out of the 15. 2.5 lakh a month we spend only on Google Ads. And that's the only marketing I do, pretty much. Everything else is chalachal, 25,000, 30,000. No parking board, whatever, pickle ball court, buy the banner, look at the space we are in. Because that team is just there. So I can triple it very easily. And I know that the business also will triple. But I know that the ops team is not ready to handle it. I know that we don't have enough options. We are not truly monetizing it. Like why am I paying out of 800 rupees fee, why am I paying 600 rupees to that guy? When I am paying my employees only 300 rupees per session if I was to look at it that way. I am paying a guaranteed salary. And I am getting, for sure, I am getting more than the salary from each of my employed therapists. But I am trying to grow my therapist base. Right now I haven't hired them for various reasons. It was not feasible. Whatever, this specialist. Why should that person come to my office every day and go back to that area. If I have a center over there, small little space where they can sit. If a patient comes, also offer in-center physiotherapy. It makes sense for me to hire them. Right. So it has been a 100% resource management problem. If I fix that, then I can scale. Truly scale. Offering multiple services also. Then I can say, if I lab investigations, I will spend money. But I don't have that framework. From an operations or resource management point of view. That is scalable. I have a framework. It's not a scalable framework. They struggle to get from I think when I joined last year, they were doing 5 sessions a day. Including freelancers. Now they do 20 sessions a day on average. Including freelancers. I think we do 8-9 of our own employed guys. For a day. If I just added more employees, I can also do 40-50 sessions a day. In-house. I mean, with my employed guys. And 50-60 to freelancers. But that means I need 4 people answering phones. Talking on the phone. I would need to plus one trainee. And a CEO who can also handle the phone. But I don't want him to do that. I want her to focus on making the right connections. Oh, 65 year old female in Bagalingampally. Send this person. Send Ambika. Does a better job than Renuka. Kind of a decision. Because Ambika has a better conversion rate. Again, that's another data point that I kind of focused on. Therapist goes, does this, do this. May or may not convert. But a person's demeanor like we have this one girl employee, 6 months, 4 months ago she joined as a physiotherapist. Soft person, looks nice. Pleasant person. And a good physiotherapist. So she converts people very easily. Her conversion rate is better. Out of 10 sessions she goes to, 8 of them say, please come back. I'll do 15 sessions with you if you want. And there are people who we have let go who had terrible conversion rate. Okay, repeat. So that's a data point 100%. That kind of data points I am gathering. It helps me make those kind of decisions. So, this is the first thing. Then I started making from there lot of different sheets but then I distilled all that into one master excel sheet for myself. Which is my growth tracker. And it has different data points that there are some sheets of. Like what this sheet is, monthly modules, months and enquiries, conversions, sessions. Right? And the greens are all time tops. I stopped collecting data in July because that's when I got a guide to gather data and stuff. So there are different excel sheets. I just have to update this from those. But to get this it took me like I said 6 months to gather all the data that is there in this excel sheet. Right? So there is this. Again, so there is, for example we are getting 250-300 calls a month right now for physiotherapy only. I think we are able to convert 100 of them. And I think we are doing about 500 sessions on the whole. Right? Which is great but profitability will come at 2000 sessions a day. A month, sorry. True profitability of the company will come at that scale. Not at this scale. I have to 4X my business right now. Which is not a hard thing to do. But 2000 per session, when you do this, your operations will also increase, right? Yeah, exactly. That's how underutilized the team was when I joined. Right now they are not at 100% capacity. They are at 75% capacity. But my ability to grow is super fast. I can easily go to 150-200% capacity. But I am slowly, I am not. I have not increased the marketing budget on Google Ads since 3 months. I have not changed keywords. I have probably deleted a few keywords to focus. That's all I did. Right? So then, and then I can easily track like I said, growth. And physiotherapy were growing. Radiology, nursing, lab is a lot of expense on the salary side of it. But this is the module that we want to go in. The module that we want to go forward in. I believe what will happen is the problem with the big hospitals is the waiting. Always. Right? The AIG's of the world, the Sunshine of the world. If we didn't have someone in, you have to wait for everything. Hours. And it's very time taking. And then it's very so many people, such huge path is a problem in our country. That's how it's become. I think there is a market for smaller clinics which is already happening by the big brands like Apollo. There are Apollo clinics. Right? Everywhere. But I know they have got even more super specialized. They have Apollo sugar clinics. Right now. There is Apollo kidney clinics. They have these. But they are all in centralized areas. This local. Let's say there was in my parents area. Right? There was one clinic which had all our services. Right? Plus this actual clinic part which is not mentioned here. Because the dead part. The doctor sitting. We have doctors who come at different times. People can come, take things, take medicines and fuck off. Right? So that kind of a thing. I think what happened is, what we want to do is essentially have these buildings which will have reception and 3-4 modules in that building. May be there is one safe sphere module which will have 2-3 rooms where therapists can see. That room can be booked by one therapist and one patient. And one physiotherapy section which will have one working space and 2-3 consultation rooms. We have these doctors, the regular doctors. Right? And a pharmacy. Small lab in blood collection unit to collect stuff. Small, small lab tests that are there. So we want to build that as our vision. So that's our growth thing. But to get to that it's easy for us to get funding if we have at the rate we are growing. Growing from banks only. Because we are growing business. We are showing except my father-in-law's black money is there. So, what I am looking for definitely from an ERP solution is converting these data points into better decision making tools. Right? So I have this and then there is this is my physiotherapy. I try to start whatever. Marketing expenses, different ads, blah blah blah. This became my actual expense. Profit and loss kind of sheet it became. With my raw data, expenses and all that stuff. Then I got that kid to do data collection for me. He is recent pass out. But whatever. Become paid. Dedicated family kid. He has data as his interest. So he started collecting data for me in different sections. Three sections he had. Operations, finance and marketing. Marketing was basic. Basically Google ad data. Basic stuff like I told him which age I am getting calls from. I know which age to market. In my Google ads it has geo targeting. Which I have disabled rest of the country. Obviously, lot of leakage used to happen. Earlier and before me only they used to break their heads over why I am getting calls from Goalia. Turn it off. So now I am going into turning off also. I don't want searches from Ambarpet, Bagamberpet. Whatever. I need to know what areas are there that I am useless to me. So I can remove those pin codes. So I can focus that budget on smaller pin code on a more focused basis. So this is data for that. So again, comes from the call data also. Where people say Yes, I want to stay in Ranagarh. Kind of a space. So this is from marketing. And then the main is operations. Which is appointments and enquiries. This sheet tells me again enquiries, how many sessions, how many were done by full time employees, how many were done by freelancers on a monthly basis. Exactly who, exactly what, where. Right. Which doctor, which month, how many sessions did they do. Very important for me because there are these freelancers who have been doing 20 sessions for me every month for 6 months. Every 2 months I want to call them, have lunch, treat them nicely, give them gifts on Diwali. Kind of a space. You have to go into all this. Because again, it's a people. My business is nothing if the people are not happy. And if I don't have enough people. And the people who are interacting as your face should be also happy. Exactly. Right. So I need, and they were not thinking of all these things. Anusha used to give gifts to everybody. In this list. I would be like, why are they pursuing some people? Because their failure rate is high. They are not available when we are needed. So then the ops team started eliminating these people and whatever. The data is there. I don't want to just leave it in ops teams. I don't like that person. I won't invite him. I won't put him on the list at the end of the year. Kind of a decision making. You need data to judge that stuff. Right. So this is that sheet which is basically the enquiries and sessions break up. Then there is initials and packages. There, how much they charge you. No, no, no. So for example in this thing, we have two employees Bhanu and Pravalika. So Dr. Bhanu she in June went to 7 initial sessions and 6 of them said I'll come. I'll take whatever you have recommended. I'll take that course. Could have been 8 sessions, could have been 15, could have been 30. I'll take that course. So basically Okay, so first time you get just We just need 800 rupees. 800 rupees initial session. Yeah, initial session. Okay. That one should convert. Yeah, should convert. That one should converting is actually the pure money making. Yeah, and you get discounted sessions also. Right. At that scale right now we are not making that much money to be honest. Per session also. But it's fine. Right. That's where the business is, scalability is where the money is. Right. So I need this data also because it helps me decide who to give these leads to. Because I am spending money per lead. I think 800 rupees per lead or something. It comes down to. Right. If I am spending 800 rupees per lead, bro I better get at least 800 rupees. Hmm. Which is at least 3 sessions. So if somebody's failure rate is high then bro out of why? I am losing that essential lead I am losing. Right. So that's why I need this data. No, you are not going to make any money unless they convert right. Yeah. Exactly. No, no, not this session. Not the initial one. Yeah, exactly. See the initial one conversion is in my ops team's hand. It's not in that person's hand. Initial one conversion is done. Yeah, done. It's also a struggle first of all. That's done. That is part of your step. But you will not make any money even if that initial conversion happens also you will not make any money. Exactly. Because that 800 may say you will get only 300. 300. Which is still a 500 rupees loss. Yeah. So the money is in converting that into a longer session. Longer session. Right. So and like I said we want people to have, people might have long requirements and that's why people are the most important thing. Hmm. So I have to meet this Bhanu and Praveenika like really well for a long time. So let me stay with me. Right. And that's why when we hire a therapist, 6 months we will see conversion is bad, etc. Bye. Because there are freelancers who have better conversion than you. In that area. Hmm. Right. I have identified these guys. Of course I am trying to recruit them but all these guys are not recruitable. Hmm. Usually because they have their own session. Whatever. They are made people, they have their own market right now in that area maybe or in a hospital they have a better job. There is one guy that I have been trying to recruit not from Hyderabad. Every weekend he goes to his hometown in Telangana, comes back. But he has I think 56 sessions, 60 sessions a month he does for us. Like 30-40k, we only pay him. Hmm. 30-40k of salary kind of thing. Hmm. So there is no reason for him to. So all payments go through you? Yeah, pretty much. My role, Anusha or me. But I know about every payment. Right now some of these payments are automatic, automated. There is a. Through your company's 100% Yeah. That's what you mean. Yeah, yeah. 100%. Companies pay you. Patient pays us. Yes. Patient pays us. That is for sure. That being said, for freelancer ties up with a patient to do further sessions without our knowledge, we can't do anything. Hmm. Obviously we will find out and not give that to any cases. Hmm. We follow up. We have a massive follow up culture in the ops team. Hmm. Because right now the volume of calls is not that much. 15 calls a day. Hmm. Among two people is not that much also. And this everyday they have this. They were in. Because there were so few calls earlier. Hmm. Before I joined, they had this culture of calling back. Back. Big time. Again. Again and again and again. For 6 months they have called I think. Hmm. Send. Keep sending them WhatsApp messages. Keep asking how are you doing? If they did a package with us, do you need anything else? Hmm. Because we have these. And I don't know how I can't manage it. I trust that they are doing enough. That visibility is not there. Hmm. That visibility is definitely needed. Right now. That visibility is not there. It is that. Hmm. It is only in this enquiries excel sheet where I get visibility of what was discussed in each call. First one, second one, third one. But after that, I don't know. Let's say converted patient. Like this one. Converted for package. 11000 rupees means 15 days package she converted into. Right. 6 months later are we calling this patient again? I guess it was a regular patient. I see from this piece of data over here. Hmm. Right. Must have been that. So that's. But yeah. There will be leakage. Can't. Leakage of the business sometimes. To prevent it. Have a good brand. And because the day that connection breaks for whatever reason this patient is going to call back to us. Hmm. Don't burn that bridge. It's what the therapist's brain. I know psychologists have that because they are very ethical people. Psychologists. Psychotherapists are not very ethical people. They are regular people. Hmm. Who do regular f**k ups. But psychologists are very ethical in these things. Because it's part of their business to not even tell the management what the patient's problem is. Hmm. Even if that person was suicidal, I should not know. As an employer of the therapist. Her role, her deal with the patient is to never tell anybody. Hmm. What the problem is. Unless it's things like violence in which they have to tell authorities and stuff like that. But they have their own systems. I will never know. She will alert a certain XYZ in their system. Hmm. What are the resources in their system to do violent things. But otherwise, I mean that's how psychology. I know psychology patients won't leak so much. Hmm. But physiotherapy will. It's okay. But so what I need broadly speaking. So yeah. So now my guide to end this show and tell. I get right now weekly reports of all departments. Hmm. This is my financial section. This is my appointments. How many sessions full time finances. By person, by date. Appointments. This is my session section about how many sessions, how many online, how many person. The reports. Daily report and date. This is based on my daily report. He has a daily report being created in the background. It's weekly report. In this folder. Which he summarizes to me and sends to me as an email. Hmm. Right. And then there is division wise like physiotherapy weekly report which goes only to the physiotherapy team. That's me obviously. So again daily income sessions. This has additional of who supervisors are. Because that's important data point for me to track. Important resource. Because again that's the backbone of the company. So the ops team and the supervisors team is where a lot of my business and scalability is. And any solution that I am looking for is to improve the work that these two groups of people do. Hmm. What a physiotherapist does I cannot change. What a psychologist does I cannot affect or influence. So all my influence can only be in the marketing operations. So marketing is not what we are talking about at all. It's all in operations. Right. How do we make connections between patients and therapists? How do we pick areas for a new center? Do you have a follow up emails going out regularly? Communication yes. WhatsApp. Communication chain will be there. WhatsApp is there and then email, SMS. No email. Email, SMS most likely. SMS will not do if WhatsApp is not responding. But there is no email. Email is not a part of thing. And I have to add I guess as an important point for whatever solution we are getting. We are a mobile first company in terms of how we operate, in terms of how we do our work. I would like solutions from mobile first. You need a mobile app or is it like web pages as mobile as possible? As mobile as possible. What happens is every day in the evening so This is my daily appointment schedule. Today is the 26th. This is today's. This is what this is. They didn't have this also earlier. Now I built this system so that I know. So now looking at the system I know where everybody in my company is right now. Today. Right now 2003 Dr. Pravalika is with the supervisor called Ram in Jubilee. So I know where Pravalika is already. Morning she was in Malappuram. Then she went to Amirpand. Then she went to Jubilee. Then she went to Srinagar Colony. This is Bhanu and where she has been already on her sessions. Who she went with? Supervisor. Supervisor sometimes is has changed because this patient is somewhere with the supervisor. We have to send the same. The face of a company has to be same for a patient. We can't send it differently every time. Even if the therapist might change or service might change. That fellow has to be the same. So that kind of complex decision making also is there. But obviously we can't stick to it 100% of the time. Sometimes new fellow has to go because this fellow is on leave or some shit. So yeah that's why making this is sheet takes my ops team an hour hour and a half every day. They already know tomorrow's, who's tomorrow's sessions are. Because there are you'll see second session, eleventh session, twelfth session, third session last session. They didn't do any new sessions today. But on other days you'll see initials, first session. Or initial consultation. Initial consultation usually 15 minutes, half an hour. Could be half an hour, could be 20 minutes. Could be anything based on the thing. So right now this excel sheet is divided into this top is my home services and lab investigations. This is two employees. This is my other freelancers. Which you'll see is a majority of, I do it to freelancers. Because that's how the business is. I mean they're far away. Like in Salipuri, ECIL, I don't even decide to. This Ram follow up is there for all of the So that, it used to be so again not a first session, not a second session. Twelfth, fifteenth, you just call them. Patient is comfortable. Therapist is comfortable. Please do it yourself. But he'll call and make sure. He'll in fact call and say Sir, the therapist is at your door. And he'll call the therapist Are you going? What are you doing? Go fast, it's getting late. Kind of a call he has. So there's one guy everyday doing that. It used to be broken. It used to be different people doing it. I kind of fine tuned that. So initially, different people were going for the initial sessions? Could have been different people going, yeah. So he's thought like today was Ram's turn to do the phone follow ups. Tomorrow will be Gaurav's turn to do the phone follow ups. For example, Prithvi was doing phone follow ups. See here. So everyday one guy sitting, supervisors, team one guy sitting and just doing the phone follow ups. That's required. But if the person has to go, they'll go. Like Gaurav went, Gaurav went, Ravi went, Ram went. Prithvi didn't go anywhere that day. On this date. Whatever reason. Based on operational reasons. So what we're looking for is a complex system. What I want to get to in the future is have a map to see who's where. And make decisions based on that map. Want to break it into zones. City or any geographic area into zones. Assign people to those zones. And be able to make the decisions based on who's in which zone. So I've added this service of pharmacy. What I want to do is people beyond a certain age have to take medicines everyday. Same things. Prescriptions might change. But they will consume medicines everyday for which they have to go to the medical shop every month. Or go to probably I'm sure there are enough apps now to upload prescriptions and send to my house. Sure, great. But I'm looking at a service where I want to do that only. I want to be a subscription based medicine delivery to people. So they know they have for example my prescription for my high blood pressure and every month on the first they'll give me my packet of medicines. For 30 days only. But they'll give me fresh medicine every time. End of 6 months whatever. Idea is for 6 months you get X% discount delivered to your house. Because my expertise lies in the supervisors being on the road and my ops people matching supervisors to where they are. This is my expertise. I can definitely do have a map of all my people who need delivery of medicines every month to the house. Assign 2 days and just deliver medicines to people. One day the role is just Nizampet, there are 4 houses in Nizampet. By the end of the second day of the month you'll have your monthly medicines delivered to you. Take my subscription plan. So I want to make that kind of a service also. Again which is just simple thing to do for me. Just have to have a database of clients make that order sheet get out those labels collect those things, put them in a pouch. It's very easy thing to do. I think manually also. But technology will make it easier in the future I'm sure. But yeah first I want to do it manually so that my volume of inventory moving through my pharmacy is more. Right now it's like a people who come and buy. Which is not a very unique thing at all. Except in that lane, in that area maybe there is nothing. And I'm hoping for it to pick up. Lot of hostels are coming. So I hope it will be flooded with hostels also in that area. Hostels will not go for these services no. My pharmacy only. My medical kit also. Whatever. To buy my protein shakes and shit also. Whatever. That they are very much interested. So that's why the pharmacy I know is a small cost business and if you are getting into medical space I thought pharmacy is a... It's completely my thought. Like not leading a family. I said pharmacy would be a boundary. Then I said okay cool let's do it. Because it's scalable. Because it's low cost. And then when I started thinking of how to do it this is what I want to do. So basically even if it's in our own family. Even if there are through that network. Even if I have 25 people who I deliver medicines to on a monthly basis that's a great volume of medicines for me. For which it automatically stays in that medical shop. Plus gives low cost medicines fresh without the thought of oh I have to go get medicines. I have to order medicines. And I have seen startups by the way on Instagram. I have got all these ads also. Where he is giving a small pouch with each individual tablet with date on the pouch. So that they open that pouch and swallow those pills. Which is your prescription. So that startup is already there. In the market right now. I guess I have to come into them at some point. So pharmacy thing medicine delivery. See exactly the pharmacy thing the medical thing 100%. So lot of these services there is a lot of competition. Ease to setup also is there. For these businesses for a lot of competition. What they are doing lot of competition. What they are not going to have my current space is my physiotherapy at home and my safe sphere vision. That at the moment not that many people might have. Because for them there are lower hanging fruits. Put big f**king capital, build big hospitals people will come. F**k yeah. Money is being printed over there. No question. Focus on this slice of the pie. And grow it because I see the this this Apollo's of the world might be already also paying 300 only to their employees. 100% Might be paying 300 only. But it is not a focus for them. But they are collecting 2000. So that is their profit. Brand name is there. So they can do it. So if you are able to increase that cost for them for this thing that will be like benefit. Unless until you increase that prices there you cannot basically make money there. Right now you are not choosing to make money because you are still not decided where it is. So this is my physiotherapy competition. On Google ads. I have 84% top of the page rate and I have 25% market share. Next best is 13% impression share. Sorry. Which is Prana Pain Clinic. It is a building. It is not a home therapy. Apollo is somewhere here. Somewhere here. Impression is less than 10%. Top of page rate is high. But my top of page rate is not bad. 84% top of page rate. Not bad. And like I said this is super concentrated and focused. Limited budget. I know that 90% of my callers are male. But 90% of my patients are female. Whereas in safe sphere it is the exact opposite. 90% of my callers are female. Patients are mixed. But males don't call. And here my competition is Practo. My biggest competition. Second is me.